♪ The Doc is in
And she'll fix you up ♪
♪ If you're a toy
Then you're in luck ♪
♪ It's okay
Don't be afraid ♪
♪ The Doc really
Knows her stuff ♪
♪ Do, do, do you know
What's good for you? ♪
♪ The Doc is gonna
Help you feel better ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh
It's the place to go ♪
♪ When you feel
A little under the weather ♪
♪ Let Doc McStuffins
Do her thing ♪
♪ To get you right back
In the swing ♪
♪ Doc McStuffins
Doc McStuffins ♪
♪ Come, let the visit begin
The Doc is in ♪
♪ Doc McStuffins
Doc McStuffins ♪
♪ Come, let the visit begin ♪
The Doc is in!
[laughs]
[Doc reading]
[yawns]
[Doc] No way!
Snow! Lambie, Stuffy, Chilly!
It's snowing!
Guys, didn't you hear me?
Oh, oops,
I guess you didn't.
-Ooh.
-Oh!
Good morning, Doc!
I'm up. I am up!
What is it, Doc?
Take a look.
[both exclaim]
Let me see!
Doc!
Somebody erased the grass!
No, Chilly.
It snowed last night.
Haven't you ever seen
real snow before?
Of course
I've seen snow.
I'm a snowman.
You know,
just not for a while.
And maybe not up close.
I've always wanted
to play in it.
And meet another snowman.
Well, what are
we waiting for?
Nothing!
Let's go play in the snow!
-Awesome!
-Baa-rilliant!
Yay.
Chilly? You okay?
I'm worried
the other snowmen
won't like me.
Oh, are you kidding?
They're going to love you.
Just like we do.
Oh, thanks, Lambie.
I needed that.
Are you guys coming?
Yeah! Snow,
here I come!
Hey, Doc.
Want to go out...
Can't talk now!
I'm going outside
to play in the snow!
Hold on, Doc!
I know you're excited
to go outside,
but you got to bundle up.
It's cold out there.
Oh, yeah. Thanks, Dad.
This is going to be fun!
-[Stuffy] Whoa!
-[Lambie] Baa-utiful!
Snow! This is amazing!
It's like I'm one
with the snow.
[screams]
Snow is cold!
You okay, Chilly?
Oh, sure!
Just the way I like it.
But, you know,
I think I'll just stick
to staying on top of the snow.
Not me!
Falling into snow is fun.
Ugh!
[Stuffy]
It's a snow-dragon-angel.
One of a kind.
[laughing]
[giggles]
I made a snow princess!
[giggling]
Come on, Chilly,
you try it!
Oh. Well, okay.
Ooh! Ah!
I can't get up.
-It's a snow...
-Man!
It's a snowman!
Just like me.
It looks great!
You sure know snow, Chilly.
Yup, I sure do,
don't I.
Hey.
Where are all
the snowmen and ladies?
You know, Chilly,
the best way to meet
a snowman is to make one!
We can do that?
Yeah! That's where snowmen
come from. Kids...
And toys.
And toys build them.
I always wondered
where I came from.
And now I know.
What are we waiting for?
I have a friend to make.
A snow friend!
So, who's going
to show me how?
First,
you make a big snowball.
'Scuse me, Lambie,
but I happen to be
an expert snowman-maker,
so maybe I should show him.
Chilly, it's simple.
First you get
a little ball of snow,
and then you roll it
into a bigger ball,
and wait, wait, no, no!
[Stuffy screams]
Um, ta-da?
-[Chilly chuckles]
-[Doc] Stuffy, you're so funny.
Why don't I show you.
♪ Oh, no,
I can't feel my toes ♪
♪ You don't have toes, Chilly ♪
♪ Well, what do you know ♪
♪ This is cool, crazy stuff ♪
♪ And I'll never get enough ♪
♪ Let's all go
Ch-ch-chillin' in the snow ♪
♪ And we won't get cold ♪
♪ This is how we roll
Ch-ch-chillin' in the snow ♪
♪ Got my top hat on top
No, I don't want to stop ♪
[all vocalizing]
♪ Let's all go
Ch-ch-chillin' in the snow
Ch-ch-chillin' in the snow ♪
♪ Chillin' ♪
Are you ready to meet
your new snow friend?
Do I look okay?
Like a real snowman?
Chilly, you look great.
I'm going to say "Hi."
I'm going to get
our snowman a hat
and a scarf!
Great idea, Doc.
That way all us snowmen
will be dressed the same!
Be right back.
[shivering]
My paws are so cold!
Here, I'll blow on them
to get them warm.
[blows]
Ah!
That's even colder!
I can't help it,
I am freezing.
Doesn't that look good.
I tell ya, he is a chip
off the ol' snowball!
Aw! That's a nice cuddle,
Lambie.
[shivering]
I'm not cuddling,
I'm trying to stay warm.
Doc, I don't think dragons
were made for snow either.
Sorry, guys.
I guess I should
have bundled you up
when we went outside.
Come on, Chilly,
we're going in to get warm.
But I don't
need to get warm.
I am made for snow!
I'm going to hang
here with my friend.
He loves my jokes.
Are you sure?
Yep, I'm good here.
A snowman where
he is supposed to be.
In the snow. [laughs]
Okay. We'll be back.
So, what do snowmen
eat for lunch?
Icebergers!
[laughing]
Oh, I guess
you've heard that one.
-[Doc] Hi, Chilly!
-[Lambie] We're back!
Oh, I am Toasty McRoasty!
Even my tail is warm.
Chilly?
[shivering] Very stiff.
Chilly? Are you okay?
Doc, I can't feel my feet!
What's wrong with me?
Chilly, you don't
have feet, remember?
Can't feel nose.
Huh. You do have a nose.
Chilly, is there
any chance you're cold?
Of course not.
I'm a snowman, aren't I?
Can't move!
Actually, you're moving a lot.
In fact, you're shaking.
I am? What is it, Doc?
What do I have?
I think you're cold.
But snowmen
don't get cold.
Real snowmen might not,
but stuffed snowmen do.
And, Chilly, you're stuffed.
Come on,
we need to get you
to the clinic
to make sure
there's nothing else
wrong with you.
I'm sorry you had
to see me this way.
The Doc is in!
[shivering] Snow.
Cold.
Chilly!
What the sweet potato fries
is going on with you?
He was out there all morning
with no warm clothes.
Chilly, don't you
know it's colder
than an ice cream
in Alaska out there?
[heart beating]
Okay. It's stuck on me!
That can't be good!
You're really frozen.
It's over.
Chilly, I haven't lost
a patient yet,
and I'm not going
to start now,
especially on one
of my best friends!
Wait, are you
talking about me?
Of course I am.
Here's your knee hammer
to check his reflexes, Doc.
Thanks.
Wait, Chilly doesn't
have any knees.
What? I have no knees!
Chilly!
[all] You never had knees!
Oh! [laughs] Right.
Good. What's next, Doc?
I'm going to check
your temperature.
Your temperature
is really low.
I have a diagnosis.
What is it, Doc?
Chilly has Brr-itis.
Well, this looks like
a Big Book of Boo-Boos
bonanza to me.
Doc, I guess I should just
hang up my carrot nose
'cause I can't call
myself a real snowman.
You're right, Chilly.
You're not a real snowman.
But, you're a great toy.
And you're the best
stuffed snowman I know.
[sniffles]
Yeah, what she said,
you big galoot.
[sniffling]
Thanks, guys,
that means a lot.
So, can we get my stuffing
warmed up a little bit more?
Oh, yeah, Chilly!
-On it!
-Let's do it!
Here, this will warm you up.
That's a great idea,
let's all give
Chilly a cuddle!
[all] Oh!
It feels good to get a hug.
The best medicine yet.
[Dad] Hey, Doc.
[whispers] Now would be
a good time to go stuffed!
What's going on out here?
[nervous chuckles]
Oh, nothing.
Somebody looks
like they could use
some hot chocolate.
Thanks, Dad!
Oh.
This is warm enough
to make my snow melt!
You don't have
any snow to melt,
remember?
[laughs]
Oh, yeah, right.
And that's okay by me!
How're you feeling,
Chilly?
I'm great now, Doc!
I am toasty-roasty.
In fact, I'm so warm
I'm ready to go back out!
-Wait!
-Come on, Doc!
I may not be a real snowman,
but I still love
playing in the snow!
I understand,
but you need to put on
warm clothes first.
Everyone has to dress right
for cold weather.
[chuckles]
Well, maybe I could use
just these mittens,
and that coat,
and that hat over there.
Now I can stand
out here all day,
just like this guy.
♪ I feel better,
So much better ♪
♪ Thank you, Doc,
For taking all the ouches away ♪
♪ Didn't feel so good
Till you fixed me like
I knew that you would ♪
♪ And I feel better,
So much better now ♪
I bet you wish
you were a stuffed
snowman like me!
Here I come!
[Doc] I got you!
[Doc reading]
There!
A picture of me
and my favorite cousin.
[chuckles]
And who's that?
You are, Tisha!
[both laughing]
Tisha, I think
you should head home
before the snow
gets too deep.
Here, you can keep this.
Oh! Thanks, Doc!
And you know what?
I brought something
for you too!
It's Professor Hootsburgh!
The last time
you came to my house
I saw how much
you liked Hootsy.
I don't play
with her anymore,
so I thought
you could have her.
Wow!
Thanks, Tisha!
See ya!
Bye! And thanks for Hootsy.
Hi, everyone! Guess what?
My cousin Tisha
gave me a new toy.
Whoo-hoo!
-A new toy!
-I hope it likes me.
Meet Professor Hootsburgh!
A professor?
She must be smart.
Indeed! I have lots of smarts
stored in this brain of mine.
[laughs]
Professor,
this is Lambie, Stuffy,
Squeakers, and Chilly.
And I'm Doc McStuffins.
Hey, nice wings.
I'm sure you noticed
I have some too.
Course mine are smooth,
and yours have those fluffy
thingies all over.
These thingies
are technically
called feathers.
[gasps]
Doc, my feathers
are all gone.
I've been plucked!
Science tells us
that only birds have feathers.
And you're not
a bird like me.
Oh! Right. [chuckles]
She is smart!
How would you like it
if I read you a story?
I used to read to
all the other toys
when I was Tisha's toy.
-[giggles] A story!
-That sounds great!
Oh, boy! Oh, boy!
I'll get the book!
I hope it's not too scary!
Coming right up!
Oh! [screams]
[shrieks]
Um, I brought you a book!
Thank you.
Now, could you please
do me another favor?
Sure! What else can I do?
Well, if you wouldn't mind,
would you please
get off of me?
Oh, right. [chuckles]
Sorry about that.
Are you okay?
I'm feeling fine.
And ready for story time!
This is one
of my favorite stories.
Goldilocks
and the Three Bears.
Ah, yes!
A wonderful story, indeed.
Now, let's all put
on our listening caps.
Oh, no! I don't have
a listening cap!
[laughs]
She just means it's time
to pay attention.
Oh! Okay. I can do that!
[clears throat]
Now, for the story of Goldilocks
and the Three Bears!
"Only upon a fine
four was a whiffle..."
Is there something wrong?
Well, I don't understand it.
The words in this book
look all wrong to me.
Huh.
The words seem okay to me.
Reading is what I do!
But I can't read this book!
There must be something
horribly wrong with me!
[hooting]
Oh!
You look like you
could use a cuddle.
Oh, thank you.
I got a bad case
of the hoots there.
Don't worry.
We'll take you
to the clinic
for a checkup.
If there's something
wrong with you,
we'll find it.
You'll be able
to read us a story
before you know it!
The Doc is in!
Well, howdy-do there, Doc.
Hallie,
this is Professor Hootsburgh.
Something seems
to be wrong with her
because she can't
read anymore.
And I love to read!
Without books,
I may as well just
fly the coop! [crying]
Sure as soup
sounds like someone
is in need of a checkup!
♪ Time for your checkup
Time for your checkup
♪ I'm gonna check your ears,
Check your eyes ♪
♪ Find out how much
You've grown ♪
♪ Time for your checkup ♪
♪ I'm gonna listen
To your heartbeat
Fix you up ready to go ♪
♪ Time for your checkup ♪
♪ It's okay if you giggle
This will only tickle a little ♪
♪ Time for your checkup
Time for your checkup ♪
Well, your heart
and lungs sound good.
Let's run a few more tests.
Can you say "Aah" for me?
Ah!
Now can you say "Hoot"?
Hoot.
Now can you say...
[scatting]
[mimics scatting]
[all laughing]
She's sounding pretty good.
So, why can't I read?
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Stuffy?
What was the question again?
Maybe Professor
Hootsburgh's head
got squished
when Stuffy fell on her.
[gasps] And maybe that made her
forget how to read!
What a horrible thought!
Oh, no! I didn't mean it!
I know you didn't.
Hallie, could you go get me
the stuffed owl size chart?
Okeydokey-do, Doc!
Seven inches.
[Doc] Let's see,
here's the chart
for stuffed lambs,
chart for blue dragons,
one for plastic dump trucks.
Here's the chart
that will tell us
about stuffed owls.
According to this chart,
your head size
is a little bit above normal.
Probably 'cause
of all the brains
she's got in there.
Oh, why, thank you.
My head is my favorite place
to keep my brains, after all!
[all chuckling]
So, I don't think your problem
is head squishing.
Looks like Stuffy didn't
hurt you after all.
[sighs]
We still don't know
why you can't read.
I'm gonna need
to run more tests.
Ooh, I do love tests.
I'm going to test your memory
with these flashcards.
I'll show you five cards,
and then see if you can
remember them all.
I'm ready.
Ah! It's a picture
of a chubby yellow
snake doing yoga.
I thought that was
a picture of a banana!
Oh!
Yes. I see now.
Let's go to the next one.
That's a picture
of a chewed up wad
of green, goopy gum.
Are you sure, sugar?
That sure as syrup
looks like a frog
to this hippo's eyes.
Oh, dear. Maybe I need
to get my glasses checked.
Uh, what glasses?
You aren't wearing any glasses.
Oh, dear! [chuckles]
I'm not wearing glasses.
Now, where did I put them?
You weren't wearing any
when Tisha gave you to me.
Maybe you lost your glasses
back at Tisha's house.
Oh, fiddlesticks!
I do so love my glasses.
Hold on a second.
What're you thinking, Doc?
If you don't have
your glasses,
you won't be able
to see very well.
That's true.
And since you can't see,
you might not be able to read
words in a book.
Why, yes! You're right!
You didn't forget how to read.
You just lost your glasses!
Hoot!
I do believe you're right!
I have a diagnosis.
Hold that thought while I get
the Big Book of Boo-Boos!
Professor Hootsburgh,
you've got a severe case
of Glasses-Gone-itis!
What should we do?
We need to find you
some new glasses!
Don't you ruffle
your brain feathers,
Professor!
Doc McStuffins' Clinic
for Stuffed Animals and Toys
has got you covered!
♪ Hoot, hoot
You could look
Great in glasses ♪
♪ Glasses are good to wear ♪
♪ Who knew there
Were so many choices ♪
♪ We'll help you
Find a lovely pair ♪
♪ And you can see it perfectly
When you're bespectacled ♪
♪ It goes from fuzzy
To clear to "Oh, dear" ♪
♪ The shapes and colors
Make your face
Look so fashionable ♪
♪ Hey, look over here ♪
♪ Hoot, hoot
You could look
Great in glasses ♪
♪ So many kinds to wear ♪
♪ Hoot, hoot
You could look
Great in glasses ♪
♪ Hoot, hoot, let's find
The perfect pair ♪
Here's three pairs
of glasses.
One of these ought to fit
Hootsy's big beautiful eyes!
Let's have you
try them on
and see if any of them
help you see better.
Now, tell me what
you see on this chart.
Oh, hoot, it just looks
like little black smudges.
Ooh, try this pair.
Now it looks like
little black blobs of jelly.
That's not quite
right either.
This pair will work,
I just know it!
You look more fabulous
than a flamingo dancer
doing a fan dance!
Let's see.
It looks like a whale,
and a bear,
and a snake and a doggie!
Is that right?
It sure is!
Looks like you can
see clearly again!
Hooray!
[hooting]
I mean, if I can see again,
I'll be able to read again.
How delightful!
In that case,
I think it's story time!
-I can't wait!
Story time!
"Then the Mama Bear said,
'Someone's been sleeping
in my bed.'"
[all gasping]
Ooh!
What happens next?
Stuffy, you can't
keep interrupting.
Oh! Sorry.
"Then the Baby Bear said,
"'Someone's been
sleeping in my bed too.
"'And she's still here!'"
Oh, no!
What happens then?
-Stuffy!
-Sorry.
"Just then, Goldilocks woke up
and saw the Three Bears.
"She was so scared
that she ran away
"and never bothered
the Bears again.
The End."
Yay! Professor Hootsburgh!
That was
the greatest story ever!
[hooting]
I do so love
a happy ending!
And so do we.
[all laughing]
Hey, everybody.
It's Doc here.
When you're out playing
on a really hot day,
what should you
remember to do?
Hold on!
Should you give
a Boppy a hug?
[both laughing]
Should you trumpet
like an elephant?
Or should you drink
plenty of water?
That's right! On a hot day,
drink lots of water.
[giggles]